at the top of canons entry-level EOS
lineup is the EOS 700d
ideal for those who are keen to develop
their skills the 700d allows you to take
the next steps on your photography
journey the 700d is canons most advanced
entry-level DSLR camera
featuring a hybrid CMOS 18 megapixel
sensor a very angle touchscreen and a
range of creative filters and manual
modes it's easy to use today and pack
full of features you can explore
tomorrow create detailed low noise 18
megapixel images that can be printed at
high resolution and cropped without
losing quality
capture Full HD movies with creative
control using the hybrid CMOS AF sensor
the focus is continuously on objects or
people as you shoot as your skills
improve you can take full manual control
of aperture and shutter speed and take
full advantage of the depth of field
offered by the large sensor to
creatively control the look and focus of
your movie the video snapshot feature
offers a simple and easy way to capture
and combine movie clips from your
adventures you can move or remove clips
from your movie sequence by simply using
the touchscreen to edit the sequence
explore new shooting angles and easily
control the camera with a 7.7 centimeter
very angle clear view LCD 2 touchscreen
when taking a picture using the live
view simply touch the screen to focus or
take the picture for a different look or
style you can experiment with the
creative filters like monochrome on
miniature and preview the effect before
you take the shot
to get started the 700d features scene
intelligent auto mode which analyzes the
scene and selects the best settings in a
range of conditions to create the
optimal image allowing you to
concentrate on taking the shot
capture fast action with the nine cross
type AF points which track your subject
as it moves and the five frames per
second help to capture the moment
the onscreen feature guide provides
useful information about the features
and shooting modes of the camera to help
you achieve the look you're after tackle
tricky lighting conditions with HDR
backlight control and handheld light
scene modes HDR backlight control
captures three shots and then combines
them to create an image that has minimal
loss of highlight detail and shadow
detail even in bad lit conditions
handheld night scene mode shoots for
continuous shots and combines them to
prevent camera shake allowing you to
shoot high quality night scenes without
a tripod shoot low noise images in
darker conditions using the ISO 102
12,800 sensitivity range which can be
extended to ISO 25600 for those times
when you want to capture the atmosphere
indoors or outdoors at night
the EOS 700d is part of the EOS system
one of the most comprehensive systems of
digital SLRs interchangeable lenses and
accessories and is trusted and used by
professionals from around the world
EOS 700d step into DSLR photography and
let your creativity grow
you